Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy. Cindy Wetzel 10am
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me. Yes. Can you hear me. Yes. Yeah, I got you, got you on on audio.
Cynthia We: Okay, about that.
Cynthia We: I'd raced to the bank. So I could pay you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I already opened a note and just bring me up to speed around
Gwenevere Abriel: There was some consideration of having Scott here today, is that going to happen or no.
Cynthia We: No. No. Okay.
Cynthia We: Good I um
Cynthia We: He was going to take the day off because he had an interview scheduled for today for the his Jay Z movie. And then they postponed that to next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work for the friend, so he's working
Cynthia We: And, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you get any money. Have you guys been forwarded any money yet. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I was. That's what I was just positing the check from last week.
Cynthia We: That they just wrote me yesterday and they actually paid us for the three weeks. Okay. Last Thursday. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a relief.
Cynthia We: It is a big relief because when they got all that money. I wrote checks for school for Friday and for this Friday. And, um, and then they didn't pay him on Friday. It was like
Cynthia We: It was got a whole bunch of money.
Okay, annoying. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the worst thing that just happened. Let's, let's do some touching ground on this happened and
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's the catastrophic or not catastrophic outcome, like what actually did.
Cynthia We: Not okay that's dropping outcome.
Cynthia We: No one catastrophe. It would have been a catastrophe. If we hadn't found another option and I'm
Cynthia We: That found check that was like $1,000 check that he could deposit any deposited that
Cynthia We: Friday, we would, it would have been catastrophic
Cynthia We: We need to plan to not ever have to depend on these people again. Okay.
Cynthia We: You know what the work to just, you know, supplement our income if we weren't in such a dire situation.
Cynthia We: It would be so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't we
Cynthia We: All right, we are
Gwenevere Abriel: We're starting this and tell me a little bit about now. I never sent you the the outline
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And I, and I want to, um, it has crossed my mind a couple of times and then I just didn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it also struck me that I wondered if it would get done. I wonder if it would more likely to be done if we were right here in zoom and we're I'm hearing. You're both here. I didn't know if it would end up getting done right. So you tell me
Cynthia We: Nothing, I was looking for it. So I was going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I can do it right now. So let's, why don't I just not dilly dally and I'll just do it. Now this way it's done. And I want to play. So let me go into a note.
Email here.
Because I must essentially stuff, but for
Sunday, it's boys, what
Sunday evening miss a talked a little bit there.
Ah, oh sorry, I just saw this non befalls. Okay, so this is
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, reply and now how easily. Am I gonna be able to attach this wonder what I call that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was money script, I think, is a neat money, mo ne y skaret
Many script inventory and four scores me see if that opens up beautifully.
Let me just look at it myself, just to be double, triple sure I don't send you some random thing.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Love, like, okay, so it's not editable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can see those, those, those questions, you can rank it on the liquored scale from one to six. Okay. It also has in there. If you guys want to do your own calculations you can be like, Okay, if I got a number one. It's how many points.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put it there. It's got it all lined up, you can do that graph and do the totaling and then you guys can sit there if you want to analyze
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I someone who is money avoidance in my someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Right indicates, you may exhibit money avoidance beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you may, you may look at that and then we can cut it far as, as you guys get okay so we got one and I have just
Gwenevere Abriel: hit send. See, done.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, something
What was it
Cynthia We: I can't remember what it was. Now, but I wanted to send it to you. It was it came up right after we were talking about all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Cynthia We: And it was about
Cynthia We: Oh, I know it was about abundance having an abundance mindset I might have sent it to you, actually.
Cynthia We: It and
Cynthia We: I know I sent it to Scott. The, um, there were like four things that you
Cynthia We: That you should watch for. If
Cynthia We: You have, you know, if you're blocking your abundance mindset. So Scott did the first two things, and I did the second two things.
Cynthia We: Really, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's
Cynthia We: So I didn't know what to do with it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, are you telling me that you did a little exercise with Scott
Cynthia We: Oh no, I deserve. I looked at it and I determined that oh, Scott does those things and you know I was looking only for Scott I really wasn't looking for myself. And then I was like, oh, but I do those two things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes, there is this mindset of
Gwenevere Abriel: I can either have this scarcity mentality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah scarcity, or I can be in abundance. Yep. And, but to be very clear. You can go at this awareness from many, many different places, can we rewind a little bit and see where we left off with some of the things that we were putting energy in last week and see, see how you did. And
Cynthia We: Can we, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So believe it or not, it is relevant to this notion of abundance and scarcity, it's still, it's still applies. So let's rewind back to this awareness of parenting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Cynthia We: Teagan and
Gwenevere Abriel: What to do and we had some idea I threw out some brainstorm contingencies. And you took some notes and yoga. What happened after you left
Gwenevere Abriel: Our meeting.
Cynthia We: Well, we
Cynthia We: We talked, we talked about that we, I talked about it with take an animal about about the fighting in the car.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: And I said, I'm going to
Cynthia We: I'm going to pull over. If this happens again because we cannot we can't be doing this and I told Tikkun that I was disturbed that he didn't listen to her and listen to her say no.
Cynthia We: And that he didn't stop.
Cynthia We: And I told Lola, that it was an absolute no no that she should not be hitting she should never hit right no matter what. And that she needs the come to me first, or like that can't be her go to. So I did talk to both of them. It hasn't happened this week.
Cynthia We: The fighting
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Cynthia We: I don't think that means that they are
Cynthia We: That they're listening to me, necessarily, or that they're, you know, worried that they're going to get in trouble. I just think that
Cynthia We: Maybe the opportunity hasn't come up
Gwenevere Abriel: And you wanted to also experiment or at least I proposed a small behavior request.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around kitchen. Yeah. How did that materialize for or not.
I'm
Cynthia We: Scott and I are in such a pattern.
Cynthia We: That even though I said I need to be the one that talks about this. Um, I didn't. I added and I have I avoided and I like
Cynthia We: Disappeared and let him do it. He did it just because I hadn't done anything. So that was like the first night.
Cynthia We: And then I'm
Cynthia We: The second I like I can't really remember exactly.
Cynthia We: But he handled it like three days and then
Cynthia We: The other day
Cynthia We: Well, last night I was in charge because he was gone.
Cynthia We: And he was playing video games with his friends.
Cynthia We: And I did my same pattern of letting him letting him letting him letting him, you know, asking him to get off as can get off as can get off.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: He
Cynthia We: He did. Finally, and he did his issues.
Cynthia We: But it wasn't because I tried my new tools.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your opinion of yourself around that.
Cynthia We: Um, I am very annoyed with myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on to that and what makes you think that you're going to be there for your daughter in the car.
So that she doesn't have to hit taken
Cynthia We: For that I feel like
Cynthia We: Well, I feel like I can I
Cynthia We: I think it's different. Okay. Keep talking. I think they're different. I think it's different to stop the car and talk to both of them than it is to demand to you can do the dishes, tell me the difference, um,
Cynthia We: Both of them. It's both of them the power struggle doesn't happen like it does when when I asked to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know when your daughter's there that dynamics change.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about it.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: I feel like they listened to me.
Cynthia We: A little more than
Cynthia We: And it gets really good at. He's really good at.
Cynthia We: Come on, just one more minute, you know, just five more minutes. And he's a good kid. So you want to give him that, because then you know that he will do what you want them to do. If you just give them that.
Cynthia We: And on the problem is that that always extends and extended extended so he pushes and pushes
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: But that that whole thing doesn't necessarily happen when it's with Lola him. It's more about the dishes that is
Cynthia We: That make sense, then I'm even making sense. I've met he's right next door. I'm
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is it like for you. And this is just you to set to rain call. Well, was it like for you to be continuing to monitor for those additional minutes or hours of follow up to wash the dishes. What was that like for you.
Cynthia We: Um, I was trying very hard to remain focused
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Not
Cynthia We: You know, just go do something else or just
Cynthia We: Work on the many things I have to get done so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you actually do during those minutes that you are trying hard
Cynthia We: Today in that room but I vacuums like hey I add things to do. But I didn't go into another room so that I would remain, you know, he would be inside and outside
Gwenevere Abriel: How long. How long was that from the first time you asked him.
Probably
Cynthia We: Probably an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what could you have done during that hour I could
Cynthia We: I could have
Cynthia We: Worked my business plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you work on your business plan later.
No.
Cynthia We: I fell asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel about yourself and think about yourself that that's how that went.
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: bit annoying.
Cynthia We: A little annoyed. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: With what
Cynthia We: All of it.
Cynthia We: So hard to sit down and work on this business plan.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: I feel like I've gotten a lot accomplished this week editing.
Cynthia We: But that always gets pushed to the bottom, the business plan does. And that probably should be the priority.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: annoyed that I've created this pattern.
Cynthia We: Of him pushing and pushing and pushing
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's talk about how it actually serves you though by continuing to be preoccupied with hovering in the same room.
Cynthia We: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it help
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you didn't have to face doing something hard
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have to do the business plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. Hard to do the business plan.
Cynthia We: Is very hard. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now you don't have to. I was busy, they're
Hovering
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've got a great excuse. And now you're tired.
Cynthia We: Yeah. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now another day is gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was real. You want to reinforce you have a good son, so you can sort of rationalize that but would it be saying he's a bad boy. If you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Much like the car. I'm going to do things differently. And that doesn't sound like I didn't hear that conversation. I didn't hear. Remember we were very meticulous about if you look at your own notes like how this is going to go.
Cynthia We: Did that go, I said that I said that. Yes. And I felt very good and confident about saying it, and both of them listen to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't do it.
Cynthia We: I did say that to the OH, NOT NOT ABOUT THIS. Well, I know I did say I'm going to do things differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do differently. Did you
Cynthia We: do anything differently. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I said I would. And I didn't fairly typical of me.
Cynthia We: They probably
Cynthia We: Expected me not to do anything differently to say I would do some differently and not do it.
Cynthia We: Really annoying. I don't like that at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay in there. There's clearly some energy pushing hard to keep things just the way they are, and it must be in service to you in some way that the other side this other way of being.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's gotta be some perceived threat going on about it. That just is just, it's not appealing enough to get you over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stop going at it so directly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's just pull back a little bit. We went direct last time we scripted it we were clear we were step by step. Let's do it come from a different direction. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just keep doing the same thing. We got to switch it up. All right, let's shift gears and I'm looking at this, you haven't been in group as much right so you're not getting the sort of week by week
Gwenevere Abriel: Development.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of these resources. So you may have done some of them, the ones you have just tell me what they are the ones you haven't you go, I don't know what you're talking about the nuts. What we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, first one, the container where you in group when you develop a container. Something big enough strong enough to hold all your stuff. Does that sound familiar
Cynthia We: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Let's do it. So the invitation and group was and we can do it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use some imagery and picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've heard people say oh I compartmentalize that I didn't think about it. That's what we're doing. But we're doing it in a very on purpose way and it'll, it'll be a resource during some work. I'd like to do if you maybe some em, Dr.
Cynthia We: Oh, cool. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I've had some success with it through the tele health. I was uncertain that was going to be effective, but it's working, we're, you know it work. So I'm excited. So first thing I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something big enough strong enough to hold all your stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only that, but also comfy enough that the stuff will stay
Gwenevere Abriel: We might end up wanting to put whatever comes up at the end of a session. Maybe we run out of time. We've opened up some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some bridges to old memories or current triggers or fret over the future. We've opened it up and there's been this experience of maybe intensity and we want to put it away and revisit it again together in therapy. But we've got to hold it maybe for a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this imagery will serve to say this stuff that's coming up will stay in this container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's coming up as I'm just inviting this imagery
Cynthia We: Well, first, I was thinking like a house.
Cynthia We: Okay, and then
Cynthia We: When you said it has to stay and you might want to recall it later than I thought, well, it should probably be something a little smaller than that was suitcase. But then that doesn't hold on myself.
Cynthia We: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: It may involve. Why don't we think about how strong it would need to be for it to stay when she's figure out what the material of it might be
Cynthia We: Just yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stay out doesn't want to come out with
Cynthia We: No, my stuff stays inside. If I put it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what material we
Um,
Cynthia We: Well, you said it has to be comfortable. So, metal is what I was thinking. But, oh, that's not very comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this containers made of metal so far. Now you notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be comfortable. So let me ask you what stuff because you already kind of have this sense of, oh, no, it's, it's going to stay just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this positive imagery is this negative like what did what came to mind. We were talking about stuff that's a very vague.
Cynthia We: Term what came to my. Yeah, I was thinking all my stuff my real stuff here, plus all my emotional stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about emotional stuff because that's. This is an emotional tank container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me describe your emotional stuff.
Um,
Cynthia We: This that we're talking about with the kids up with Scott the stuff with a shame.
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: All that
Gwenevere Abriel: And all that. Yeah. So do you want all that to be comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, not a question.
Cynthia We: No I don't necessarily want it to be comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then. Think of it like, how will it be kept in there. How will it be
Cynthia We: With the lid.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got a lid.
Cynthia We: Nice it and a lock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Tell me about the lock. It's
Um,
Cynthia We: It's a combination lock.
Cynthia We: And I wouldn't a combination on the
Cynthia We: Back so I can remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's written on the back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What should we call this container. What do you think it is.
Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuff. Okay, and let's give it a little bit more form because all I see is metal
Oh,
Cynthia We: It's a box.
Gwenevere Abriel: metal box. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It holds all my emotional stuff about kids Scott shame and all that. There's a lid and a lock COMBINATION. COMBINATION written on the back. Is there anything more.
Cynthia We: Um, it should be shiny.
Gwenevere Abriel: shiny metal box.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a sense of how big it is.
Cynthia We: It's like as big as the backyard.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that feel like it's big enough strong enough to hold all of the stuff, the emotional stuff.
Cynthia We: Oh, definitely. Yes, fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do the metaphors, the figures of a protective figure a nurturing figure. Yeah. So what was your protective figure
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Did I say Jim Shaughnessy
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I can
Cynthia We: Oh, I said uncle Fred and then and then after that, after I changed. I changed it to Jim shot and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're leaving it as a combination or just
Cynthia We: Yeah, it could be either or, but I think Jim shot us he's better
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then that's what we'll do. And you get a real sense of the protective
Cynthia We: Embodiment and Joe. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any chance you can help me with how to spell Shaughnessy
Cynthia We: S H A YOU G H and E S S Why thank you and nurturing figure
Nurturing figure
Cynthia We: Salary or Lori. Lori or Sally.
Cynthia We: Do you want, but I want Sally, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this just didn't get dropped into this note.
Gwenevere Abriel: On didn't move this is should be able to stay in there now it'll move with us as we continue
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's in this plan section, which will stay static, it shouldn't get deleted. Sorry about this inconvenience. If it's causing inconvenience.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking about why Sager, just kind of what figure comes to mind.
Um,
Cynthia We: Did I say Jim Shaughnessy for wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you did for protective. I don't know what
Cynthia We: I'm wise figure
Cynthia We: Oh, a bob mer my writing teacher
Gwenevere Abriel: Moment just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of picture this this moment, maybe just use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the context of
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have followed through. Maybe with what was going on with chicken and the dishes just imagining that was with you. Was your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Jim Shaughnessy and Sally and Bob
Gwenevere Abriel: With you surrounding you. If that's what feels right.
Gwenevere Abriel: A part of you or immersed or some kind of presence, just see if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring that awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really close just bring about that imagery of that team being available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up as you use your imagination.
I think they've made me stronger.
They've made me feel stronger.
Cynthia We: And calmer.
Cynthia We: I can handle anything
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with their presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you can handle with taken when it comes up.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Back talk in his
Cynthia We: Refusal to comply.
Gwenevere Abriel: you'll handle it. Yeah.
Cynthia We: They using my tools. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do another metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be your own, but I'll bring up a couple just to kind of get the creativity juices gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture that you're maybe on a shoreline and
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something that you want some distance from maybe it's shame or maybe it's some of that negative emotional life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want it to be drifting further and further away. Maybe it's a river, and you can see on a leaf or on a log or some sort of boat or raft.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're seeing it move further and further away from you but you're still there on the shore, but it's not getting closer and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a distance moving further and further away, or maybe it's the ocean and you're on the sea on the shore and it's on the sea and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving away or maybe a train and it's on a car and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of traveling for their distance away from you, or maybe something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a metaphor that we might use
Gwenevere Abriel: If, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's feeling as if you're reliving something
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead
Gwenevere Abriel: We could put it at a distance.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up.
Cynthia We: A river I'm putting it on a river, it's floating away.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it floating away.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a leaf. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I've got that here in case we want to use that at some point down the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, obviously, any of these things that you and I are doing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be using anytime you want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just as effective as feeding a belief of this is too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, I won't handle you can with effort, turn your attention to what was that stuff. Whenever there was talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I want to send inadequacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I want to send shame away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to distance. And what I want in my presence is to maybe by
Gwenevere Abriel: On the on the river with with this team just to be present with that as I go and I do something difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: You can spend time doing that, you're going to be reinforcing those neural networks in your brain and the other stuff will give a chance to prone to dissipate and to weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you spend all that time they're reinforcing it
Gwenevere Abriel: It just strengthens
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a metaphor that science.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can take what we're doing in metaphor and change our brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you gotta do it. It does take effort and it will be effective when you are a little bit activated a little bit because something important is going on your role as a parent, your ability to meet uncertainty and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, not liking confrontation and all of that, when you're in those moments. Those are learning opportunities.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do the symmetry and be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not when there's zero at stake when it's just nothing when there's just nothing on the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not as impactful.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's also not effective. It's so activating that you're dissociating or in rage, it's not likely to be an effective learning moment. It's going to be right in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to plug in a few right now I'm looking at this, the suds thermometer the subjective unit of distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be instrumental also down the line. Is that a term I I've said to you.
Cynthia We: Know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it sounds really robotic and kind of weird, but it's super handy for me to be able to register how distressed. You are during an activity to see whether you're starting to become unconscious or whether you're so activated that that availability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of integrating new information is just, it's not there. So I want to put some stories in here so I can register kind of where that is. So right now, I'd like you to kind of picture this scale of zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's, you know, events memories. It could be a somatic experience you have access to pretty good meant like you have access to some memory so so
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the body stuff will come a little bit later, but right now, try and pull up an event that feels like about a 50. It's not the worst thing that's ever happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the most
Gwenevere Abriel: Like relaxing moment. You ever had. Maybe you know your body at that at zero may have been really relaxed and
Gwenevere Abriel: It just didn't have much of a care in the world. You know, you were in a relaxed body and your mind was kind of at ease and at peace. Then up there at 100 is I'm so angry or I want to run. We'll talk more about the the freeze piece which is maybe below zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when we start to dissociate. Some people, that's the case. They go unconscious. They are in so much distress were fighting and running are not an option.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a fainting can happen dissociation a freeze threat response can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you. It's not that I'm not so paralyzed that I can't take action and I'm not so enraged that I can't even think straight. No, I'm, I'm kind of I can think I have access to my frontal lobe. I can reason I can plan. I can organize
Gwenevere Abriel: All of my brain is working out of 50 of distress. What's an event that comes up to mine.
Cynthia We: I'm having a hard time thinking of an event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then let's go a little bit more extreme and we'll get there. We'll try try it. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to say it out loud, but let's see what happens when you go all the way up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy crap. THE WORST MEMORY
The worst thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a sense of really knowing this is this was at 100 of distress my body, my mind, everything was just this is not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Cynthia We: I'm feeling like 911 or or like instances in my family and
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me.
Cynthia We: Well, I could easily say that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: 911 11. Okay, got it. And what were the emotions that day.
Cynthia We: Fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your fear.
I'm
Cynthia We: Confusion
Cynthia We: That I'm emotional thing. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it. You're confused. Sure.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think that that's that's about it.
Cynthia We: And then relief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: You know, after we we were trying to get our methadone.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's that 911 for normal reason it's not 911 because I was on methadone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what's the belief about yourself during that time.
Cynthia We: I believe that I
Cynthia We: Did it like I
I'm
Cynthia We: I was successful in my mission.
Cynthia We: And I held it together.
Cynthia We: I was starting to fall apart. But I held it together enough to get done what I needed to get done and I was successful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does that say about who you are.
Cynthia We: Cuz I can. I'm much stronger than I believe I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is it, do you know you're strong
Cynthia We: Uh,
Cynthia We: When I remember these things, things like this. I know I am. But I think on a regular basis. I don't think I am.
Cynthia We: You know what I mean like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember how your body felt back then.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I had like a stitch in my side.
Cynthia We: And I was I'm
Cynthia We: So sore from racewalking so fast like walking so far.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: I was almost numb.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what were the thoughts running through your head.
Cynthia We: We're not going to. Oh, we've got to get. We got to get the methadone. We've got to get into town. We've got to get there.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: I didn't really think too much about what was going on outside. I just needed to
Cynthia We: Stay focused on my mission, which was to get to the Methadone
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was going on outside
Cynthia We: Ball. Well, the towers were following and people were covered in grey cement and there were sirens everywhere and police and
Cynthia We: All these posters, why not. Can people really sad and
Cynthia We: All this just
Cynthia We: Like chaos was happening around me and I stayed focus
To get to the
Gwenevere Abriel: End. How much distress 02 hundred. Would you say that was
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a couple minutes. Once you do share with me a little bit about what what was important about today for you what you noticed about yourself.
Cynthia We: I really don't like that. I don't follow through on things when I have, I get excited about something and and I'll, I'll have a plan in my head that I'm going to do this. And then I don't
Cynthia We: I really don't like that. And it's, it happens in a lot of areas of my life. And it's very frustrated. It doesn't make me feel good about myself.
Cynthia We: So I'm glad that I'm the debt. I think I don't know that you pointed that out to me, but it was pointed out to me, I'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important you noticed it. You don't like that you don't
Cynthia We: Like it. Yeah. Not a good trade.
Cynthia We: Whatever, for whatever reason, it's just, it's something I don't want to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you take a little bit just literally five minutes. And when you leave me here, would you write down
Gwenevere Abriel: What it does
Gwenevere Abriel: To help you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get to stay never finishing
Gwenevere Abriel: How it helps you try not to get in your own way and just put your pen on paper and go let that free association happen just free flow, let it, let it out, write it down, how it goes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, I wanted to offer if it turns out it lines up. Do you feel free to text me I'm willing to meet with a couple clients this weekend, just let me know. Yeah, so
Cynthia We: Just saying. Yeah, I, we will want to do that.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Yes, that is excited about doing it. He's thrilled that we're doing this and thrilled that we're putting together a budget and
Cynthia We: He really was frustrated that he couldn't work it out this week so
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys have the the outline. You guys could do that. I'm like, okay, my notes. If you guys could show up with your notes.
Cynthia We: Yes, we can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish it, that'll be our objective won't be a lot a lot of processing and we'll finish. Finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the budget and then
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll take it from there. But you'll have done this other piece. Okay.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you happen to still have the drawing around
Cynthia We: Oh, yes. Both of us do okay around here and
If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you pull off 10 o'clock again.
Cynthia We: Yeah. Oh, uh, let me think. Yes, we can.
Cynthia We: I know we will have to take
Cynthia We: Teagan at noon.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This should only be an hour from today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll see you then.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to you. Thank you.
Bye.